README.md, before:

# Monogon Monorepo

This is the main repository containing the source code for the [Monogon Platform](https://monogon.tech).

*This is pre-release software - take a look, and check back later! In the meantime, join us on Matrix ([`#monogon-os-community:matrix.org`](https://app.element.io/#/room/#monogon-os-community:matrix.org)) or [Discord](https://discord.gg/ajYd42xzXV)*.

## Environment

Our build environment is self-contained and requires only minimal host dependencies:

- A Linux machine or VM.
- [Bazelisk](https://github.com/bazelbuild/bazelisk) >= v1.15.0 (or a working Nix environment).
- A reasonably recent kernel with user namespaces enabled.
- Working KVM with access to `/dev/kvm` (if you want to run tests).

Our docs assume that Bazelisk is available as `bazel` on your PATH.

Refer to [SETUP.md](./SETUP.md) for detailed instructions.

## Monogon OS

The source code lives in [`//metropolis`](./metropolis) (Metropolis is the codename of Monogon OS).

See the [`//metropolis/README.md`](./metropolis/README.md) for a developer quick start guide, or see
the [Monogon OS Handbook](https://docs.monogon.dev/metropolis-v0.1/handbook/index.html) for user documentation.

Commit message:

README: adjust env requirements for sandbox-less builds
Since we can now build without sandboxroot, we no longer need user
namespaces to build. Also add git and python3 to the requirements list,
but these are not new, they were already required before but just not
documented.

Change-Id: I516ecfa601587295a61f7a6c5464ff8b3018a99e
Reviewed-on: https://review.monogon.dev/c/monogon/+/4456
Reviewed-by: Tim Windelschmidt <tim@monogon.tech>
Tested-by: Jenkins CI

README.md, after:

# Monogon Monorepo

This is the main repository containing the source code for the [Monogon Platform](https://monogon.tech).

*This is pre-release software - take a look, and check back later! In the meantime, join us on Matrix ([`#monogon-os-community:matrix.org`](https://app.element.io/#/room/#monogon-os-community:matrix.org)) or [Discord](https://discord.gg/ajYd42xzXV)*.

## Environment

Our build environment is self-contained and requires only minimal host dependencies:

- A Linux machine or VM.
- [Bazelisk](https://github.com/bazelbuild/bazelisk) >= v1.15.0 (or a working Nix environment).
- `git` to check out modules.
- `python3` to generate the workspace status to stamp.
- A reasonably recent kernel, user namespaces are recommended for performance reasons.
- Working KVM with access to `/dev/kvm` (if you want to run tests).

Our docs assume that Bazelisk is available as `bazel` on your PATH.

Refer to [SETUP.md](./SETUP.md) for detailed instructions.

## Monogon OS

The source code lives in [`//metropolis`](./metropolis) (Metropolis is the codename of Monogon OS).

See the [`//metropolis/README.md`](./metropolis/README.md) for a developer quick start guide, or see
the [Monogon OS Handbook](https://docs.monogon.dev/metropolis-v0.1/handbook/index.html) for user documentation.
